So, some people ask if there are too many people in the field of computer
science and I have an answer for that. Of course, if there are fewer
people, then that means the supply and demand thing goes like this
and, you know, if there are fewer people, I'll make more money and
my skill would be more desirable but that's not the way that I see
it. I think that, and I've gotten flak for this before, but I say
that everybody should be a programmer and my friend would say, "How
can everybody a programmer? You have to, you know, think a certain way
and not everybody is, you know, mechanically, you know, programmatically
and engineeringly inclined." But I think that programming in
particular, is something that not only should everybody do but it's
something that everybody should learn. This is what I mean. I was looking
at this five-year old and she has a tablet and with this tablet,
she goes into the computer and she opens up a program, she plays
whatever game she's playing and then she closes it. And to me, that
is programming. You might say, "Well, she didn't type anything." Well,
to me, she operated a computer system and it just so happens that
the program that she did was very very easy, it can be done with her
finger, it can be done by pressing the start menu and swiping to
the left and click on this button and then she makes the thing blow
up by pressing this button but this is operating, this is technically
programming. It's just doing it in a very very high level abstract
way. So, everybody should be able to program and everybody does. Everyone
who has a smartphone is technically programming. Everybody who
has a tablet is programming. Everyone who knows how to type, technically
you're programming. So, I guess it depends on the degree to which
you're willing to accept the definition. I think that programming
should be in every job as well and to a degree it is. Most people,
regardless of what job that you do, is going to be behind a computer
at some point in their career. Whether you're an auto mechanic, whether
you're a NASA engineer, whether you're an Electrician's Mate,
you will be behind the computer doing something online and the more
opportunity, the more time you spend behind that computer, the more
opportunities that programming itself will help you. So, if you're
an auto mechanic, yes, you can use a program that somebody created for
you but if you know how to program yourself, then you can create
your own program. You can customize it for whatever job you're on, even
for your specific work site. So, it can only help you. So, just
like I think that everybody should learn how to type and it came to
be true, I think that everybody should learn how to program and hopefully
it will be true one day as well.